you for me is it true that you're going
to be in the new release of Justin
Bieber's never say never I thought you
were just joking joking no why would I
joke about a thing like that of course
I'm going to be I was not in the initial
release of the 3d but I'm going to be
renew release in Justin Bieber's never
say never movie I promise I i if you
don't believe me ask justin bieber
justin
ooh
I was inspired by yours
I know eventually come around now it's
adorable and I bet more people going
hate him cut it for people freaking out
yeah but it was like I don't really care
I think you can't do the same thing over
and over again you got to change it up
and I think it's great i love your
haircut thank you
people am I seriously we're serious am I
going to be in your movie when it's when
just come out it comes out in a week it
sucks to the pre on a Friday minute you
are in it yeah and the pre-orders today
it's only dealers for a week only
there's for a week so you guys need to
go Korea it's so good if you haven't
seen it really is good and
congratulations your CD is going to
debut at number one does the soundtrack
yo sitting in some talented you know I
love you so much I really am a believer
not only does he sing does he dance he
asks you you're in CSI twice now right
here and see me as is using you all the
time and everything I don't even know if
you've seen this yet look up the CBS has
really taken advantage no one saw this
coming a small movie about the standring
King of England is one of the most
nominated films of all time i'm steve
Kroft i'm lesley stahl Justin Bieber
I
you